Eight, eight to General Rebirth.
I heard his first morning.
It's General Ryan's turn.
Thank you, sir.
You got it, correct?
I'm paid to you reading from now, uh, Duncan.
35, 09.
That's what I have left.
I wonder if it's very much important.
Let me give this back.
Get a good pile of nothing.
I desire to see the mattresses or leads from this young man,
born testimony introduced in this case.
Starting at the bottom of page 35,
oh, wait, do you have the record?
I'm sorry, I'm sure you will correctly read it.
We've been inbound at a proximity,
approximately four-part, or 430, in the afternoon of 9 January.
I returned to my quarters,
and my wife told me that I had a phone call from Mr. Coney,
New York City, and without being calling back.
I call Mr. Coneback.
And we got into a discussion which later turned into an argument
about private, shiny, mean, homestead payments.
Did we get there from time of the Duncan Ryan on a radio?
I wonder if you could allow me to do so, please.
That was a plan, I don't know if you look for it.
On 10 January, we dismissed the terminology used in the agreement
that we had.
I told Mr. Coneback's administration to put private channel on TC
and they made the regimental commanders.
And that the division's rendered general Ryan was completely
cognizant of the rat life.
I told Mr. Coneback we considered TC part of private time changes,
and that as far as we were concerned,
he was not going to get all TC on same January.
Mr. Coneback was called in the green with me by the way.
Before and throughout, he said to some people,
and I want to call your attention list,
particularly Senator McCarthy,
Mr. Coneback said to some people as poor dicted and they cooperated.
Mr. Coneback, and Lieutenant Miller,
had made things especially difficult for private time,
and that he missed the Cone at a very long memory
and was never going to forget their names.
Now Senator, you heard the testimony of this young officer
about the Army.
And the little testimony?
In which he's for, that's your chief counsel,
make those statements, that's your senator.
Well, they're not, you have this just,
it's just the first time that I'm going to do that you had ever heard.
The testimony statement,
such a conversation I didn't see between Mr. Cone and this young man, Brown.
I think that was, I can reason with Mr. Coneback.
Right here on the Whitney's fan, several days ago, several weeks ago,
it seems to me. Right.
Any there, have you talked to Mr. Cone about that thing?
No, I have not. You have not?
Except when I cross the mission of Stan.
You have not made any inquiry of a nice to the Senator Paul for the exact statement?
No, I heard him testify of the Paul.
I was found in the infest of fire.
Didn't you hear him testify?
That he might have said that in substance.
I did say it in substance.
But his explanation was that he had heard that Colonel Ringard
had made his statement remark about this committee or his prejudice as worse.
Or it made some statement indicating that Ringard was not altogether a lawyer of the American citizen.
Don't you remember that sentence?
I don't believe that's a correct resume.
He had a testimony with Christian Gettys.
I recall his testimony as well as that.
He had heard Ringard.
I remember the word.
Ringard, Ringard, referred to the sculpture coming up.
That's the dragon which was...
Yes.
Mr. Cohn told me that he had heard that Mr. Ringard had been referring to the coming of the exposure of witch hunts and condemning them.
When it got less, Mr. Cohn agreed with me that there were too much work to do to do with that matter.
But we should run a name check on him to see what's the thing that was on Ringard's recall.
It turned up negative and it was...
We named it as negative, I believe.
Mr. Cohn ever told you why he told this young officer that he was long remembered the name of his company commander Luke Sendinag, Captain Miller.
He told me only, Stan, here on the road, and I'm fully satisfied with his testimony.
What was it he said on the stand here under the road?
Not Miller, not Ringard Miller.
Mr. Dengons, I would not try to recap his testimony.
I think that's the...
I think it's written here in the record.
If you wanted I will dig it up.
I'll find dig it up to this.
I'm asking Senator May 8th to see if they get up.
Because I don't want to miss Christmas to come.
What's that that's right, Senator?
In the life of all that it occurred before these not-
Mr. Dengons number one, you're asking me about phone conversations about the time you know nothing except what I've heard here on the stand.
I am satisfied with Mr. Cohn's testimony.
I would not consider this testimony even remotely as a spell.
Which young man's boy here, the 8th, who got her in line?
That conversation, that statement, that I will long, that alone member.
I will long remember the names of Ringard Miller.
He says that occurred in the conversation.
But had some of us linked with an argument between him and Mr. Cohn overshined doing KPGT.
Mr. Dengons, if I didn't have absolute complete confidence in Mr. Cohn, he would not be my chief counsel.
I have complete confidence in him.
I have confidence in him telling the absolute truth the other day when he explained that conversation.
And beyond that I can give you no further information.
I wasn't there.
I know nothing further about it.
If he can point out something improper that Mr. Cohn did after that, he can point out that Mr. Cohn called.
Hey, which Mr. Cohn's not having called.
If Mr. Cohn examined the which Mr. Cohn's not having examined him, if he did anything improper, then I'd be glad to hear that.
I know of nothing improper that Mr. Adam, Mr. Steven, appointed up Mr. Cohn's part, except that Mr. Adam of the stand.
He said that Mr. Cohn did not succeed in getting McCarthy's to call off the Sputinas for the memories of the Royalty Borg.
And Mr. Cohn knows that Mr. Cohn knows and all the memories of the Sputians, sure know that that is one thing that I have self had to be done.
There's no one to get me to call it off except the majority vote of the Committee.
That's the only way, that's the only way the exposure, the exposure of those who have been covering up for Communists can be called off.
If the Committee votes that I must call it off, I don't know, choice, I sincerely hope they will not do that.
So, if you refer to your Memamam them all, December 17th.
Yes, sir, I read before you.
Yes, sir.
Now, as I understand the city senator before you, let me ask you this question.
Under me, I have your thinking, Mr. Cohn.
The time that suggested him is faith in him.
Well, this violent argument that is in sync between Mr. Cohn and Mr. Adams on December 17th.
Today the automobile will be right in New York City.
We are in this, an argument over General Lawton, Mr. Cohn.
And Adam was the signing as the reason General Lawton was to be relieved of his command was on the sound of what the fact that he had made certain soft speeches about certain colleges or youths.
Is that correct?
Oh, not speeches.
So, say a thought.
Okay, say a thought.
Yes.
The sponsor of the der...
I thought I remembered that correctly.
And I want to read to you an excerpt from this Memamamam of December 17th.
And I'm reading that part of it which is printed on three styles.
You'll see.
I was the Army's compilation of these Memamamamamamamam.
The mission is calling in Cardiff and Senate No. 30, 187, 176, and 186.
In talking to John Adams, today I learned the General Lawton who you have called for operating the committee and the soldiers, the persons, the court, by the way.
It's about the meeting with the English and the Canadian.
I Christian Adams, we are currently on this in a friendly manner.
And find that the only reason that he can deal with this lawton in dice to military by helping to make it possible for us to expose the incredibly bad security setup which has existed as Fort Monmouth.
Senator McCarthy, here's the set, in direct, contradictions, argued testimony here yesterday under oath, noted.
Didn't can get to the Senator McCarthy on that with the same testify.
That's our Adam, arguing you or stating you and the members of your staff, that this consideration of a relieving lawton was to be given because of statement,
that he has made about certain colleges and universities.
I think that's the correct.
And didn't you send a message to the committee?
I think it's the right way of testimony.
Didn't you yesterday say, did you say it today, did you solve a complaint?
Our federal government, I'm not John, you know those are not the reasons.
The words did that affect.
I think that's the correct way of saying it.
That's the correct statement.
But in this memorandum of December 17th, you stated Adam told you that the only reason they were completing the relief of lawton was on account of his cooperation with your committee and his police.
I'm a prosecutor.
Mr. Jenkins, as I have discussed with my staff over and over, I never played any credence on the phony claim that they were going to break a general.
Because at a secret service meeting, he mentioned that most of those were suspended in certain policies.
I knew that was completely phony.
I touched them John and detailed.
And as I say in a friendly manner, they called trusting and discussed with him the only reason.
The only reason I could find for their attempts to hold breaking of lawton was because he had cooperated with the...
...comity.
I think that if the set-offs Mr. Jenkins, at the time Mr. Lawton and executive section of an atom was rare.
When asked why he didn't suspend the security risk of coming to the background, the previous place, he pointed at me and he said Mr. Chairman,
you are the reason why we can do it now.
And I did not put any of the phony, completely phony reasons, advanced in this memorandum because I knew them.
I knew now that the only reason, the only reason why they were going to break general lawton was because he dared to work with us.
I knew that they have claimed, they have claimed over and over.
They have claimed here in the witness stand that they are going to break this land because they made some statements.
And I emphasize that a secret staff meeting, that most of those whom were suspended because of coming to the background, came from Section Colleges.
I discussed that with Mr. Adams, we admitted that that was a perfectly proper statement.
There was nothing wrong with it.
Nothing wrong when a general was discussing with his staff security problems to point out how many of those were suspended, came from ex-challets, how many from Waikahallets, how many from Z-challets.
And Mr. Adams and I, phony files, he used the words that the reason was because of that speech.
We understood each other fully. There was no question of Mr. Adams, my end.
During my mind and them, now he is there in his mind, our mind now, Mr. Stankham.
That Mr. Lotton would have been broken, would have been broken because of his cooperation and that's why they proposed to breaking.
When I said this, remember on an incident we were dictated on the night of the 16th and apparently was 10 stars on the 17th from there for a day to the 17th.
Let us look at it at the 16th.
You say the number I know of the February 15th.
Mr. John Adams, I question that very closely on this independent manner.
And that's the only reason that he can give his living, locked in and dice the military, they're hitting the possible first-sixfold.
He's ready to be back to Katie, so that which has existed in the Board of Moderners for us.
Yes, he is, Mr. Stankham. He stated that the reason that that's by Adam, that are the proposed relief of Lotton, was that he had made statements, thought, or arguments, or thinking about colleges and universities. That's the right thing.
That's right.
You now say, as I understand the Senator, by way of an explanation, I say the plan was not for you today.
The You now say, Senator, that Adams advanced both reasons as the motive on the part of the Secretary of the League, Lotton, to we it.
That Lotton, Cooper, he's the Army number one. I love that Cooper, he's with your committees.
And have talked too much about colleges and universities.
Mr. Adams, I have heard about that.
Mr. Adams never admitted that he was being broken because he cooperate with the committee.
But in questioning him, there was no doubt in his mind, there was no doubt in my mind.
He knew that I knew exactly why he was being broken.
John Adams knew that he was not trying to fool me. He was not trying to fool me.
He knew that I knew exactly the reason why Lotton was to be broken.
And we had predicted, my assay, long before that, in our right to New York with General Lotton, that the result of his cooperation would be that he would not get a promotion.
We didn't know they would go for part of the break.
All right, now that he's gone at him, he'd not stayed on that date.
That the reason Lotton was going to be relieved was because of his cooperation with the committee. That's right.
John has remembered methods either on that date or any other date.
To me personally, the rest of the time he has made a weird clear.
He has made it very clear in our conversation that he realized how foamy this other excuse was.
It was so foamy that I would not put that in a memorandum even.
My staff knew, my staff knew, I knew that this staff meeting,
at which he made some remarkable certain colleges, had nothing to do with his being told.
But he never admitted and never stated that the reason Lotton was being relieved was because he had cooperated with the committee.
Now that's right, isn't it, sir?
Nothing so many words.
Well, that's what he made his way.
What was the four as I remember yesterday, if they picked the 157?
Send them a message.
5157.
Bob, they're looking for the record.
Are you ready, Senator?
I am very ready.
Now, will I have it?
You mean bringing a ventilality?
I...
Let me go as far as to say that.
If Adam told me they were thinking of relieving him,
the reason he gave was not that he had cooperated with the committee.
And that's what now I understand you, Mr. Dyn.
Better film, film, I don't know any better.
That's the morning afternoon, Senator.
Let me read this one more time.
And I think if you remember, it was a bit better than now, I don't know.
No, I think the memory is pretty good on this subject.
A lot of not-fits me that.
I question Mr. Adam, I'm eating from this.
The memorandum of December 17th, from Newton, this one, this one, from God.
I question Adam very closely on this in a friendly manner,
and find that he only means in this he can deal.
And I think, and find that he only means in this he can deal.
He is that lost and imbibed this in fact the military,
they're heading to make it possible for us to expose him,
set it at security set up to the position.
Then there is that thing that John Adam gave as the reason.
And gave, and the only reason he could give,
while relieving this state's general.
And one thing we would think of as the state.
But as a fact, that he cooperated with the committee,
now Senator, he is that Matthew direct contradiction of your testimony.
Then I invite you here now to explain to this committee,
why isn't it?
And as far as I know Mr. Chairman, that's the last session I get as the senator.
I'll go to the rest.
So what we said, Mr. Jackson, as I think you know,
I assume you've written the memorandum of lawsuit already.
When you find that the witness comes in and gives you a long story,
you're inviting a memorandum to your assistant, you do that.
You evaluate it and you give what reasons the man gave or what he actually knows.
That was my evaluation of his story to me at that time.
It's serious.
There's nothing at very present to change my mind on that.
I gave my fast here in evaluations of my conversation with Adam
and the only reason.
The only reason.
And I feel he had Zlan.
The only reason that I feel that he could give Zlan.
But he has given up town.
He has because he has cooperated with the committee.
And what's the other reason because that person is memorandum.
I do not now, I never have, with any questions.
In the only claim that they were going to break,
a man they described as a great general,
because at a thickness-fath meeting,
he mentioned where the communist that we found came from.
And if there Adam in his conversation with me
admitted in effect, that would not be a valid reason.
He bill persisted in claiming that was the reason.
We went over this in detail.
And I consider it as such important that I admit that
the tone of Mr. Lawson the following night.
When I talked to Mr. Lawson, we gave him the reason.
I believe the same as the same here.
I think I also made a full loss of the phony reason
to play advanced.
The same and I have completed my throat examination
and that face to which it's good game.
Very well, I'm going to be 10 minutes and a little bit scared.
I think it's 10 minutes.
And well, that's half the time that I'm going to be taking
the most of the time, which is the usual time for the
new day recess.
From the McCarthy, you have said several times in the hearing
and quite unsatisfying this morning.
If you go to Mr. Adam's or Mr. Seasons,
that the only way that you could ever be induced
to call off the hearing that's what Man-Maw would be
by a majority vote of your committee.
We're taking, but you know other reasons.
I'm not a service for the record.
That such a vote was never taken by the committee.
I believe it was never even suggested to the committee
that it takes such a vote.
Is that correct?
No, that's a incorrect.
You suggest to the committee that we call off the hearing
that's what Man-Maw?
No.
No, we're right.
Unless I, unless I felt that it should be called off,
I would not make a motion if I'd be called off.
I thought you were talking about calling him on.
I'm talking about calling him on.
Oh, no, I would not make a motion.
I would not make a motion.
Any honest who attached itself to the committee is correct.
For your review.
I would not make a motion to call off the hearing
because I think it's persons that they continue.
So by the way, we call there was no presentation
made to the committee about calling it off.
No, it's just nothing about calling it off.
No, message conveyed to somebody
had indicated that they should be called off.
No, it was called off by the, well, correct.
So that by a vote of the committee.
Now it is true that neither at the time
while the Democrats were off in the committee,
nor at any time after they returned to the committee,
was there any ever votes taken by the committee
to call off the hearing?
No, neither any votes nor any motion.
A lot of things.
Very well.
During the first part of these investigations,
I think the record shows pretty clearly
that there is a considerable degree of cooperation
between the Army, Representative and Mr. Seen
and Mr. Adam, and by our committee represented primarily
by you and Mr. Coral and Mr. Carp.
That they attended executive hearings.
You can start with what I'm about different matters.
They supply different records, rather than different files.
I want to establish if I can just what in your opinion
disjoints that is a cooperation.
A hundred a month, I seem to be,
I seem to have been a part of courage
to be a complete cooperation of Joseph,
as long as we were only taking out the individual coming.
When we started trying to get the information
as soon as responsible for the special statements
of a system amendment measure,
when we tried to find out why they owed
a Truman Royalty board had reversed some 33 out of 35 cases
and some individuals back to the radar laboratories
with tremendous records.
When we wanted to know who did that,
why they did it, get the reason for it,
find out whether it was because of an order from higher up
or because of sympathy on the part of those on the board.
Then we ran into almost what you call a blank wall.
Partly for purposes of establishing the record of the task,
and partly for purposes of looking ahead.
I want to ten point just as silly as the gentleman me asked
the first whether you agreed a combustible in which
it conducts an investigation of a situation
existing in the executive agency,
it should do with the type of cooperation which
was manifest at least to the early stages
and the early weeks I believe the early months
of the investigation of the signal flight.
Yes, I think perhaps a better example
with the chairman would be the type of cooperation
we got from the government's printing office.
There, the members of the Loyalty Board were allowed
to be called, they testified,
by they cleared certain individuals.
For example, we found for the first time
when a Mr. Miller was on the stand
in a one particular case,
the case of Rothschild,
he had a one time thick,
clear and time and thick material.
The final result was from 43 individuals
who could testify in regards to these
communist activities that none of them were called.
I asked Mr. Miller, again I can't quote his vote
but it was all a matter of record.
Why did it not call any of those who could testify
as to his communist background?
He said well they weren't all available
for just two, some of them I assume were still underground.
I believe, and I just finished my,
however we showed a letter from the FBI
saying that one of the undercover agents
would be available to testify about the communist activities
of the White and I believe the husband's food.
Then I asked him the question,
as I say I can't quote his vote,
but all of us were a bit of Mr. Miller,
and he was the secretary of the board of the government.
That's why he didn't have enough money to go on paying up.
Yes, government's printing up.
I said Mr. Miller, why didn't you call any of those individuals
who were available?
The answer was roughly this,
or it was not our practice to call anyone
who would give their regulatory information.
Well now, Mr. Brattonberg,
the new head of the printing office was shocked about as we were.
Since then he's completely overhauled that stuff
and I'll try to get one step further
with talking about the type of cooperation which is effective.
Keep in mind the printing office handles
a classified, fixed confidential material form
with every department as far as we know.
So the communist fire layer would be as valuable as a communist fire
and perhaps a ten-year-old department.
We had Mr. Hipsley, who was the acting chairman of the board,
on the stand and I asked him,
and I believe the chair was there at the time I asked him this question.
I asked him the question,
should I just quote this?
I'd to let me ask you this.
The other day as I recall,
you fed your board operating under the general rule.
The general rule of mere membership
on the communist party was not sufficient to borrow workers
under your loyalty program.
It's actually general rule under which you operate.
And the answer, and say, $89,
Mr. Hipsley, that is true.
He says, I went further, sir, if I may take another moment,
and told you the best Richardson,
as the general's best Richardson was the top man
and the human loyalty program.
He said, I went further, sir,
and told you the best Richardson gave us the philosophy behind that.
He gave us a long-winded story about the facts that some time ago
he wanted to become a member of an organization
and he had no knowledge of the Charter and Bylaw,
and he wanted to be a member,
not because of its Charter and Bylaws,
but because it has a nice library and books he wanted to read.
He said it was the purpose of membership.
Why you belong, that was important.
That was explanation. He was our guide.
I left out the name of the organization.
The Mr. Chairman, we found here to the,
I think, to the consternation of the new head of the printing office
that they were operating under a rule that,
even if they found a man,
were a member of the Communist Party,
a member of the Communist Party,
on the Communist Party discipline,
that he should not be barred under this misnamed loyalty program.
Now, what you could get beyond that I don't know,
and that you could find him setting off a bomb.
Mr. Dunham, the typical operation, Mr. Charter,
he doesn't have to go into the government printing off the printing office.
So, the assembly to establish the fact that there was a cooperative feature.